Welcome to my mixtape.  I call it Off-Label OS, but it's really just a
customized Ubuntu (Linux-based) operating system with an XFCE desktop
environment.  What this means, practically speaking, is that you're using the
exact same free software that powers most of the Internet.

Off-Label OS is a piece of art.  Yep, it's a commentary on the disparate
technical skills found in contemporary society.  If you didn't already know,
poor kids are at war with the old rich.  It's a proxy war, mostly SOCKS.  If you
don't get that joke, I am amazed you were able to get Off-Label OS up and
running so go ahead and give yourself a little pat on the back.

Off-Label OS is a game.  In it, you will find space for discovery and peculiar
artifacts, multidimensional puzzles, and hidden treasures.  Plus, if you can
figure out how to get around on here, you'll have unwittingly learned useful
professional skills--take that, GTA!

But hey, that all sounds too complicated.  You just want to kick back and play a
game.  It's cool.  I put a game on here called Pacpac, which is remarkably
similar to Pacman, but written in Lua, using a framework called Love.
Go-getters, listen up -- if you want to learn to develop games, you may want to
check out this Love 2D gaming framework.

Everything included with Off-Label OS is original content, copyright-free, or
licensed under some kind of free or open source software license or creative
commons.  May the record show, I disapprove of the prevailing legal climate
related to so-called "intellectual property" (a word game designed to make you
think there might be such a thing as "intellectual property").

The most important thing to remember, with Off-Label OS, is that it's:
  "Not to be used for its intended purposes"

Next step:  Click the "Home" folder on the Desktop to continue in the GUI, or 
click the terminal window icon (Black square with a white >_ ) to switch to the
command line interface.

PS.  The Color Bars button is the main menu.

Have fun!

@jtzl
