Choose your Off-Label Adventure

In a sense, it seems impossible to actually have an Off-Label operating system,
since the purpose of the operating system is ostensibly to serve as a platform
from which you can do what you wish as a user.  In practice, of course, most
people have only experienced proprietary operating system software, which most
commonly functions more like cable television than the Internet, as user
experience is completely divorced from the underlying technology, and product
features are designed to accommodate users rather than improve their skills or
encourage them to learn something new.

In a Democracy (or democratic republic or public opinion junta or whatever),
when a majority of users are ignorant or ignorant and scared or scared and
unskilled, etc, it can have calamitous effects on laws related to technology.
Off the top of my head, it seems pretty messed up that people are incarcerated
for violating Terms of Service agreements.  It seems pretty messed up that
people do time for accessing publicly-accessible URLs.  This is likely a
minority opinion, however, because most people haven't been educated otherwise.
But I'll spare you the handwringing.

In no particular order, here are your adventure options for Off-Label OS v0.1:

x.  Graphics-editing workstation.  I tested just now and GIMP, the terribly-
    named image editor, works with my Wacom tablet out of the box, and I saved a
    few pictures in the Pictures directory for you to mess with if you're in the
    mood for making some fine art.

x.  Scavenger hunt.  I have put clues in semi-obvious-but-probably-still-hard-
    to-find places on this system, which will provide you keys or passphrases
    that will enable you to connect to remote services and/or decrypt local
    directories.  For v0.1, I hope it's not too easy or too hard; submit an
    issue on github if you have an opinion on the level of difficulty and check
    offlabelos.com for hints.

x.  Platform for inquiry and discovery.  I loaded up this system with content
    that I either made or had stored on hard drives throughout the years; I have
    kept all media files under the Vagrant home dir for purposes of clarity,
    but there is also content to be found in the form of browser histories,
    bash_history, maybe hidden in images, etc.

x.  Linux workstation.  This is a fully-functional clean Ubuntu 12.04.3 LTS
    image with XFCE and a small footprint of 3rd party dependencies.  If you
    have always wanted to just learn Linux (or how to configure Django or Rails
    or security cameras or whatever), you can use this system for development.

Drawbacks and Limitations of v0.1:

x.  VirtualBox only for now.

x.  I was unable to get audio working on my Ubuntu (Thinkpad) host.  YMMV.  On
    Mac hosts, you may be able to get it working with the coreaudio param
    enabled in your Vagrantfile but because I couldn't make it work, I'm not
    offering any audio features or content in this version.

x.  I also can't seem to get copy and paste to work in my VM's terminal while
    working on an Ubuntu host.  I think this may be an XFCE issue.  Remember,
    though--this is a vagrant image, so you can 'vagrant ssh' on your host and
    use your local terminal to copy and paste.
